docs: Correct links in release notes template (#11708)
argoproj/argo-workflows: hack/release-notes.md

## Breaking Changes and Known Issues

> Check out [upgrading guide](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-workflows/upgrading/) and search for [existing issues on GitHub](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [upgrading guide](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-workflows/upgrading/) and search for [existing issues on GitHub](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues).
```

somehow missed this before, but there's a typo: missing article ("the")

> Check out [upgrading guide](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/master/docs/upgrading.md) and search for [existing issues on GitHub](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [upgrading guide](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-workflows/upgrading/) and search for [existing issues on GitHub](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues).
```

The docs normally link to the hosted docs instead of the repo. Was there a reason you used the repo link?
